# First update of the new year! Yippiee 

The following includes both discord bot updates and shark catch game updates:

## Discord Bot Update:
### General updates:
- Added new roles: New roles were added to be notified for movie nights or get updates for dyslexxik's streams! As well as - as you have seen - friend roles for games! 
- New system: Leveling system! I was finally able to complete this after maybe like a week of working on it (sorry, warframe addiction). More details on how it works and what will happen going forward in its respective section.
- New system: Tickets. There is a new ticketting system if you go to #open-a-ticket you should be able to see a message from the bot that will give you two options, and those are opening a ticket as mod mail to tell us mods something in a place that is more private, but is public enough for all the mods to see it, or you have the option to open a ticket for tech support! The tech support section is for anyone who either has issues with their tech and something isn't working/you don't like how it works and want to change it, or if you want general support from people whom are more informed when it comes to computers and tech. Please remember, do not give anyone access to personal information or give them remote access to your device, this is for your safety even if it sometimes may be an inconvenience, and also take care with images that you send. This system is new so if anything goes wrong please let us know!
## Levelling system:
This is a new system, so if any bugs occur please notify me of this, but other than that your messages now count towards your level in this server!
The following will be changes that are happening for the safety and security of people in this server, and I will be including the reasons as to why stuff are where they are:
- The following channels will be unlocked at level 1:
  1. Art and hobbies
  2. Car talk
  3. Clips and shit
  4. Hyper yourself up (This will be only viewable)
  5. Quotes
- The channels above were chosen to be locked due to us wanting to avoid the possibility of trolls and to make sure no one just joins in to make fun of stuff and leaves the server.
- The following channel will be unlocked at level 2:
  1. Thank you from shark
- The channel above was chosen to be locked until level two to make sure you're semi-active and have been here for more than one stream.
- The following channels will be unlocked at level 3:
  1. Nerd Alert
  2. show recs for shark
  3. pet pics
- The channels above were chosen on the premise of they may be more sensitive topics to people (like talking about something interesting to them or their favourite show or their pet).
- The following channel will be unlocked at level 4:
  1. Dear shark
- The channel above was chosen to be locked due to the avoiding of trolls.
- The following channels will be unlocked at level 5:
  1. nsfw memes and such
  2. news politics irl and junk
  3. irl pics
  4. selfies
  5. venting
  6. share your success
- The channels above were chosen to be locked until level 5 on the premise of they tend to be the most sensitive topics and channels to people in this server, so we're trying to make sure only the more established people in this community are able to access these channels to create an even safer space for stuff like this.
Now that the changes to the server has been discussed, I shall discuss how this levelling system works. The levelling system will take in messages that you send that are at least 10 characters long and give you 2 experience points towards your level, and there will be XP booster events, but that announcement will come when the day arrives. Below you can find the XP requirements per level and their message equivalent:
- Level 1: 30 xp (15 messages)
- Level 2: 40 xp (20 messages)
- Level 3: 50 xp (25 messages)
- Level 4: 60 xp (30 messages)
- Level 5: 80 xp (40 messages)
The most important point to note: Once you level up your XP falls down to 0, so for example: when you reach level 1, you have to send 20 messages to reach level 2 and when you reach level 2 you need to send 25 messages to reach level 3, and so on so forth.
Oh and before I forget, the following commands are now open for you guys to check your level `?check level`.
## Shark hunt game:
Now that the general updates are over with, lets focus up on the game!
### Bug Fixes:
- Fixed buying nets and implemented a change to prevent this issue from reoccuring. I know how long you guys have been waiting (about 2 months now i think), but its finally been fixed, the store has been repaired and the nets are now available again for purchase. To compensate for the nets not working for so long, there will be a 3x coin week starting from the moment these patch notes are sent!
Opinions have been heard for the very common sharks being **too** common, so the following are for you guys <3
- Changed the odds of rarer sharks dropping:
  1. Ultra-rare sharks drop chances have been changed from 4% to 9%.
  2. Rare sharks drop chances have been changed from 6% to 11%.
  3. Uncommon sharks drop chances have been changed from 10% to 15%.
  4. Common sharks drop chances have unchanged, still 30%
  5. Very common sharks drop chances have been changed from 50% to 35%.
- Changed the odds of catching sharks per net*:
The nets could possibly have felt underwhelming in the past, so why not make them feel a little bit more impactful?
  1. Rope net catch chances changed from 15% to 20%.
  2. Leather net catch chances changed from 25% to 30%.
  3. Gold net catch chances changed from 30% to 40%.
  4. Titanium net catch chances changed from 50% to 60%.
*note this is for the catch when sharks drop every 30 minutes, not for fishing
- Fixed the detailed dex not being sent to you! There was an issue where if you catch enough sharks then you would not receive the message from the bot giving you the detailed information about your dex.

That was almost all the changes that come to mind, thank you guys for your patience and love you all!